TODO:
* Copy the relevant maps
* Work out the characters
* Place all the clues and hooks within Yauhnn
* Hanuman's soul


Discovering Thekesh/Moltabar. What is the way in for these facts? Which leads are there besides Waukeen investigation? Are there prepurcosions to disabling fish market
* Wear the magic neckless of Thekesh
* Moltabar smells of fish

Smell of fish shoul be the smell of the slums. Thekesh gets incriminated by Waukeen and by Oracle as a traitor.



Waukeen mission

It has come to the attention of Waukeen priests in Ordulin that a monopoly is building in the fish trade in Yauhnn.
It is only natural that a good competitor at some point becomes the only competitor.
It this then important to open up the market and challenge merchants to do even better.
However a building monopoly has been denied by the local temple and this called for an investigation.
When asking around among the fishermen for prices and asking to see the books the inquisitor was faced with an attempt to take his life.
Now the local Waukeen temple is worried about the life of the inquisitor and hinders him in doing a real investigation.
The adventurers may be capable of unveiling facts that the inquisitor can't possibly get to any more.
Question is to visit Moltabar as an investor and see what his plans are, possibly viewing the books.
They could also pose as fishermen to see how Moltabar is able to keep prices so low.
Thekesh might be behind the smuggling, but when searching his appartment, nothing was found, not even anything of value.

Moltabar is not interested in investors, but adventurers do see a couple of clues that he's not who he pretends to be.
Similarly the adventurers could act as a union to negotiate better prices for the fishermen and see the same clues.
Adventurers can speak to Thekesh for getting a job. He asks them to speak to Moltabar for getting a better paid job (smuggle)



Nimry mission (people need to call them saviours wherever they go)

Nimry is an old lady that has seen to many of her loved ones disappear. She has grown bitter over this.
When the adventurers approach her for services she states that Talos is a worthless God.

"Well, well if it isn't our saviours. Don't think you get anything for free from me. What did Talos bring us ever,
but loss and pain? Why would it be different this time?"

If the adventurers are capable of assuring Nimry that they are different. Nimry will give it a shot.

"I used to protect these people. Whenever they got taken I would be the one to get them back in secret.
I couldn't save them all, but I did my best. Now I can't save any as these legs are abandoning me.
I'm not as good a swim as I used to be. How about it saviours? Are you truly willing to save these people
that live in the dirt, stink of fish and don't share your view on beauty?"

If they say yes Nimry continues.

"Sembia is formed by the rising of the underdark from the ocean. Its top is inhabited by the people of Sembia.
 Below the surface other creatures roam.
 Here in Yauhnn, as you can see, poor humans and the Locathah live in the shallows of the underdark depth.
 Further down more sinister monstroids stir in the dark. One of the foulest is the aberration called Zorbash.
It enslaves Locathah to live with him and do his hard work, until they collapse under the work load.
The so called merchant gentleman tolerate this slavery, because it serves them well to get rid of rebellious Locathah once in a while.
However this device will free the mind of any slave when you pronounce the command word and stay close.
I used to sneak in and out regularly to free the innocent. Not a day goes by without a longing to help,
but my body can't bear to do it any longer. Currently Helash son of Janolanash is in the grasp of Zorbash.
Try to get him out. I'll lend you the device if you swear to return it. If you manage to kill Zorbash you can keep it.
I have no need for it."

(Nimry is not interested in helping Mirika, because she is a half-elf)

When the adventurers do not take this quest on for some reason, then news of the death of Zorbash should persuade Nimry
 to give the artifact any way. She then states that: "there might be other uses for it".



Mirika awakes

When she snaps out of insanity Mirika has two questions.
1) Where am I?
2) Where is my father?
Then she tells about her last memory. How her father went missing and that she found him being in love with a woman she did not know.
When I went to see him to ask how he was and why he did not respond to messages he couldn't remember the messages
He also hadn't done any work. Instead he was busy with a wedding present for this woman who was going to be his wife.
When after days of talking I persuaded him to take a break and come back home ... there is nothing but a blur. It was awful.


What will she be doing? I suppose waiting around. Begging for them to leave the device with her. Offers her help, but needs to get charged.
Discovers something fun about slums (like the children?)
How do the adventurers make the connection that Mirika needs to talk to her father to break his love?
How did Mirika get close to her father to begin with?
Mirika stats!



The Faerun Trade Group scheme

Cormyr especially tries to keep the tax burden for its citizens low
It does so by taxing international trade
This infuriates Sembians, as well as the Waukeen temple

A select group of merchant in the council calling themselves the Faerun Trade Group are planning to build an installation which can teleport objects of any size anywhere
Their plan is to take on trade everywhere in Fearun and out do competitors
Their first objective is to bypass Cormyr taxation, by teleporting from inside Cormyr
They have assumed they would succeed and are hording their riches for quite some time.
Yauhnn as a result is more and more living on the promise of goods, instead of real goods.

The Faerun Trade Group is paying with loans. Receivers of these loans will get interest as well as the loaned money
Everybody who can will want to have FTG loans, because they are always good for their interest.
The FTG is playing a pyramid game as long as the stored goods in Cormyr can't be delivered.
The FTG is expecting to make profits, because they dodge the tax system and cut out transport costs
They are however not taking into account what the external costs of running the installation will be

There are these reasons for the adventures to stop the FTG
1)   Cormyr will miss millions of tax revenue, it will ruin Cormyrs social tax system
2)   The evil pollution will run unchecked if Hanuman can't perform his rituals. The evil will spread all over Faerun due to the teleport gates the installation creates
3)   After all debts have been paid, it will be easy to out compete any rivals on any market
4)   It will hit Olivet where it hurts
5)   Olivet will seize power and hold on to it to earn even more money
6)   Hoarding capital is bad, money should roll



Yauhnn politics

There are seven merchants sitting in the council that is controlling the city of which the hulorn is president.
For many small matters the hulorn has obsolute power
For bigger decisions the hulorn has to have a majority in his council
For very big decisions there has to be a 2/3 majority in the council

In the past 3 (lead by Olivet) out of 7 were FTG. With the hulorn switching sides this became 4 out of 7
This is of course not yet a 2/3 majority. However when the hulorn is found dead. Olivet will make Lokahmee pose as
fish merchant and declare himself hulorn with 2/3 majority (FTG being 4 out of 6 at that time)



Construct puzzles

* A huge construct that patrols a chasm. (the natural shaft!)
  It stays upright by holding on to the chasm
  destroy the chasm and you'll destroy the construct

* Acidic lake or another hostile environment

* A nice rebus: True seeing + comprh lang OR read magic onthult boven grote platte steen: (ruit)R+SL 	(diamond)[0]+E XR=L (illusionist herkent als illusory script)
  Sluit de kluis

* Flesh golems that come in only when a symbol of stunning is triggered or dispelled

* Password mouther

* Teleportation maze


Great battles

* Fighting over a chasm where people can be shoved into

* Exploding gas from a swamp

* Caravan being walled in

* Fly-by attacks

* Battle on a mine field

* Aerial combat :)
* Dread pirate sacrificing innocent live :)



